DOCS-11966-made edits (#2032)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/migrate-mule3-apimanager.adoc

. <<prepare-migration,Prepare for your migration>>
+

> Based on how your existing Mule 3 application is configured, carefully review the prerequisites to prepare for the migration.

Reviewer: GLOBALs:

- The title for the topic set refers to "applications" but the subsequent text uses singular "application"; is this intentional?
- The narrative switches between "the migration" and "your migration"; does this matter?

Author: Done! Thanks!

. <<determine-migration-approach,Determine the migration approach>>
+

> Based on several factors, such as whether the migration requires a downtime, requires removing applied policies, or requires migrating contracts, you use an existing API instance or create an instance for the migration.

Reviewer: It's not necessary to repeat "requires":
```suggestion
Based on factors such as whether the migration requires taking downtime, emoving applied policies, or migrating contracts, either use an existing API instance or create an instance for the migration.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

. <<perform-migration,Perform the migration>>
+

> Migrate your application using an existing or a new API.

Reviewer: Given Line 13, consider shortening to:
```suggestion
Migrate your application.
```
OR simply delete this in favor of the bullet text alone.

Author: Done! Thanks!

[[prepare-migration]]
== Prepare to Migrate Your Mule 3 Applications

> Before you migrate your existing Mule 3 applications managed by API Manager to Mule 4, carefully review the following guidelines and determine:

Reviewer: Another option:
```suggestion
Before you migrate your existing API-managed Mule 3 applications to Mule 4, carefully review the following guidelines and determine:
```

Reviewer: Is it necessary to qualify the applications as managed by API Manager?
If so, need we continue to repeat this after establishing it (as in Line 37 below)?

Author: Yes better that way. This procedure us specifically for API Manager managed APIs.

> *  How your Mule 3 application is managed--is it a basic endpoint, integration application or, a complex proxy.

Reviewer: "is it" creates a question, so...:
```suggestion
*  How your Mule 3 application is managed: basic endpoint, integration application, or complex proxy
```
Ditto for peer list items.

Author: Done! Thanks!

. <<prepare-migration,Prepare for your migration>>
+
Based on how your existing Mule 3 application is configured, carefully review the prerequisites to prepare for your migration.
. <<determine-migration-approach,Determine your migration approach>>
+

> Based on several factors, such as whether the migration requires taking downtime, removing applied policies, or requires migrating contracts, either use an existing API instance or create an instance for the migration.

Reviewer: Still an issue with parallel list items:
```suggestion
Based on several factors, such as whether the migration requires 
taking downtime, 
removing applied policies, 
or migrating contracts, 
either use an existing API instance or create an instance for the migration.
```
(broken into lines to illustrate list items)

[[determine-migration-approach]]
== Determine the Migration Approach

> You migrate your Mule 3 application managed by API Manager either by using an existing API instance or by creating an instance. Before you decide the option to use, carefully consider the following migration factors to determine the approach that best suits your requirements:

Reviewer: The first sentence repeats what has already been said a couple of times; can we omit it?
```suggestion
Before migrating to Mule 4, carefully consider the following factors to determine the approach that best suits your requirements:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

[[migrate-contracts]]
=== Migrate Contracts

> If you are migrating your application using the new API instance approach, you must migrate the API contracts to your new Mule 4 environment. 

Reviewer: I assume that this must be performed prior to the actual migration? Consider:
```suggestion
Before migrating your application by creating a new API instance, migrate existing API contracts to your new Mule 4 environment. 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> == Migrating to the Latest Mule 3 Version

Reviewer: Migrate?

Author: Is not a task topic, right?

> If you are not ready to migrate to Mule 4 and you need to migrate to the latest version of Mule 3, see xref:release-notes::mule-runtime/updating-mule-versions.adoc[Upgrading Mule Runtime Engine(Versions 3.x to 3.n).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not ready to migrate to Mule 4, migrate to the latest version of Mule 3. See xref:release-notes::mule-runtime/updating-mule-versions.adoc[Upgrading Mule Runtime Engine (Versions 3.x to 3.n).
```

Author: No it is not required that they migrate. It is just an option that they have.
